feat(curriculum): restructured expense tracker python project (#52639)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-lambda-functions-by-building-an-expense-tracker/658238f7604f154ea9a23e1e.md

---
id: 658238f7604f154ea9a23e1e
title: Step 14
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

The `sum()` function returns the sum of the items in the iterable which is passed as its argument. You are going to use `sum()` together with `map()` and `lambda` functions to get the total amount of expenses.

> For now, make a little test and modify your currently `print()` call by passing `sum(map(test, [2, 3, 5, 8]))` as the argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, modify your current `print()` call by passing `sum(map(test, [2, 3, 5, 8]))` as the argument for testing.
```
